I always wanted to be a singer.
>> When I finally find a way, I cannot seem
to get away.
>> Yeah, that's not going to happen. But
would you believe me if I told you that
in about 2 minutes I turned that into
this? When I finally find a way, I
cannot seem to get away.
>> Or this.
>> When I finally find a way, I cannot seem
to get away.
>> Or this with some harmonies.
>> When I finally find a way, I cannot seem
to get away.
>> Pretty crazy. It's the same lyrics, same
melody, same rhythm, but now suddenly a
professional singer. So, let me show you
this secret way on how to create
professional vocals in a matter of
minutes. So, first thing first, we need
to sync and record our vocal. So, I
already have some chords in here as
well.
So, just simple piano. And then I
recorded my vocal. Of course, I wrote
down the lyrics, which I prefer to do
myself. And then I sang the vocal. And
it doesn't have to be good at all. You
just sing the melody, the lyrics, and
the rhythm as close as to what you
imagine the end result to be. When I
finally find a way. I cannot seem to get
away from the troubles of yesterday.
Maybe that's when I finally find a way.
When I finally find a way, I cannot seem
to get away. So, I try to find a way.
Maybe I'll find it another day.
Yeah. So, that's me singing. I'm sure
you can do better, but this is all you
need to get professional vocals in 2
minutes. So now that we got this, we
just need to export this into MP3 file
and then we can continue. So once you
got your MP3 file with you singing and
the chords in the background, you can
upload it to Sunno. Now this is not a
sponsored video at all, but I'm using
Sunno because I think it works the best
for this type of thing. So all you need
to do is click on audio and upload your
MP3 file, hit save, save to library, and
now we have it here. Now what we're
going to do is hit remix and edit and do
cover. is probably the most reliable
because it's going to sort of reync the
vocal you sang but in a much better way.
So, hit cover and it already
autogenerates the lyrics based on what
you sang, but I prefer to put in the
original ones just in case it gets
something wrong. So, just hit it with
the original lyrics and then you can set
up the style. Again, it's going to auto
set it up based on what it hears. But
here, you can set it based on what kind
of result you are looking for. So, just
to test this out, let's do emotional
piano and let's just hit create. So, now
it created a cover song from my original
vocal. When I finally find a way, I
cannot seem to get away from the
troubles of yesterday. Maybe that's when
I finally find a way. When I finally
find a way, I cannot seem to get away.
So, I try to find a way. find it.
>> Okay, so right off the bat, it's saying
it exactly how I sang it, but just way
better. But it's the same rhythm, same
pronunciation, same melody and the
lyrics. And I feel like that's quite
amazing because it's way better than
just taking a vocal from like splice or
something and putting it on a song
because everybody else is using the same
vocal. But here, you actually create the
melody, the lyrics, the rhythm. So it
starts from your creative input.
Therefore, I don't really see a problem
with it. Now, of course, it created a
whole song with it, but you can just get
the vocal by itself. Click on get stems,
vocal and instrumental.
>> When I finally find a way, I cannot seem
to get away from the troules of
yesterday. Maybe that's when I finally
find a way.
>> So, you can just download it, put it in
your dough. It will be the same BPM as
your original song as well, so it will
fit right in. And yeah, now you have a
professional vocal created based on your
creative input and you can use it in
your song. I know people hate AI for
different reasons, but I think using it
as a tool like this is actually really
useful. So, I'm going to do one more
because I actually want to create a
synave track from this. So, I'm going to
set the style to synwave and hit create.
So, I've generated a few vocals, got the
stems, and this was my favorite. The BPM
is already set to 100. And just one more
time, this is the original. When I
finally find a way, I cannot seem to get
away. And this is the new one.
>> When I finally find a way, I cannot seem
to get away from the troules of
yesterday. Maybe that's when I finally
find a way.
>> And in this one, it actually did a
second take where he sings in falsetto,
which I really like.
[Music]
away from the trin.
>> Beautiful. Now, all you need to do is
either set up your track around this
vocal or add this vocal into your
already existing track that it was meant
for. So, let me just go over the track
I've created real quick. And then we're
going to hear the vocal with the track.
So, it's a synave track. We've got the
kick.
We've got some symbols.
We've got snares.
[Music]
All of these samples are from my sample
pack, Synwave Runner, which is available
on staplesounds.com. We've also got
bass,
then chords.
[Music]
All of these sounds are also from the
Synwave Runner sample pack. These are
the presets for serum. Then we've got
this melody.
[Music]
And then we've got this melody.
So yeah, if you want to grab these
sounds, all the samples and presets,
check out Staple Sounds. Link is below.
You can get the Synwave runner pack by
itself or you can grab staple access
which is onetime payment only and you
get access to all of our sample packs
that we currently have and all the
future pegs that will come out you'll
get those for free as well. So you get
unlimited access to all of our packs
forever and you only pay once so no
monthly payments. So check it out. Link
is below. Let me show you the
instrumental.
[Music]
And now let's hear it with the vocal.
Let's hear the entire track. We've got
something interesting in the end as
well. Enjoy.
I finally find a way. I cannot seem to
get away from the troubles of yesterday.
Maybe finally find way
to get away. So I try to find way
[Music]
to get away from yesterday.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Another day
when I finally found a way. I cannot
seem to get away from the troubles of
yesterday. Maybe that's when I finally
find a way. When I finally find a way, I
cannot seem to get away. So I try to
find a way. Maybe I'll wait another day.